# Unsupervised Machine Learning with Cryptocurrency Data
We have been tasked to create a report on cryptocurrencies being traded. For this project, we have obtained cryptocurrency data from CryptoCompare. Once we process all the data for currently traded cryptocurrencies, we will use unsupervised machine learning to group that data together and gain a better view of the cryptocurrency market.

## Data Processing
A quick glance of the starting data shows us three important parameters: trading status, crypto supply, and crypto mining. To prepare the data for unsupervised machine learning, we used astype(int) and other DataFrame functions to store data on currently traded crypto in a new dataframe called **clustered_df**. Given the variety of cryptocurrency prooftypes and algorithms to account for in our analysis, we used get_dummies on the **"Prooftype"** and **"Algorithm"** columns for standard scaling. In turn, we use Principal Compenent Analysis (PCA) to reduce the dimensions of the scaled data to just 3 dimensions, which will make things easier for our machine learning work.

# Data Clustering
With our data of tradeable crypto ready, we could now cluster the data together. First, we ran an elbow curve function to determine our ideal number (4) of KMeans clusters. Then we prepared a KMeans model using that many clusters, training the model with our processed data so that we can predict what clusters each trading cryptocurrency belongs to. After storing those predictions as labels inside a **clustered_df** column, we made a 3-d scatter plot to visualize the clusters. To view the clusters on a 2-d scatter plot, we had to scale the data on crypto supply and crypto mining via MinMaxScaler() then store that data into a new dataframe. Afterwards, we used the data to plot **crypto mining (x-axis)** against **crypto supply (y-axis)**.

# Findings
Using our scatter plots, especially the 2-d scatter plot, we notice that there are a total of 4 clusters designated by number from 0 to 3. Right away, we see that 2 clusters stand out. Cluster #1 in particular is represented as the point (1.00, 0.99), indicating that a **cluster #1 trading cryptocurrency has mined most of their immense supply of crypto coins**. Meanwhile, Cluster #3 is represented as a single point very close to the origin (0, 0), indicating that **cluster #3 is a very tiny cryptocurrency in terms of mining and supply relative to cluster #1**. The remaining 2 clusters, #0 and #2, each cover more points on the scatter plot, with some intersection in terms of mining and supply. While both clusters congregate not too far from the origin, it's clear that cluster #2's frontier points cover more area than cluster #0's frontier points. Those frontier points also form a box with a vertex of about (0.2, 0.2), which contains most of the points in clusters #2 and #0. **This would indicate that most cryptocurrencies' mining and supply figures are no bigger than 20% of cluster #1's mining and supply figures.** More specifically, as we hone in on the more densely populated regions of points, we see that cluster #0 defines a smaller box with a vertex of about (0.1, 0.1), implying that **many cryptocurrencies are only 10% (or less) as big as cluster #1 in terms of mining and supply.**

# Findings to Scale
It is key to mention that while it seems small to only be 10% as big as the biggest cryptocurrency in terms of mining and supply, the
